Remove Linear Garage Door (#37318)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/linear_garage_door.markdown

ha_integration_type: integration
---

{% warning %}
This integration is now deprecated and will be removed in 2025.8.0.

> Please move to the new [Nice G.O.](https://home-assistant.io/integrations/nice_go) integration to avoid disruption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please use the new [Nice G.O.](/integrations/nice_go) integration instead to avoid disruption.
```
